Good night I am in Shanghai, Shenzhen
and here in Hong Kong. You're watching
the China show. I'm Yvonne Man. We're
counting down the open of greater market
opens there in China. And our top
stories this morning, [music]
Asian stocks rise as cooling US
inflation boost prospects for more
decisive Fed cuts next year despite
[music] questions about the quality of
the data. The Bank of Japan is expected
to hike its key [music] rate today to a
three-decade high with investors
watching for clues on Governor Ueda's
plans
>> [music]
>> for next year. Also ahead, TikTok signs
agreements to create a US joint venture
majority owned by US investors. And Nike
shares fall in [music] late trade as
weakness in China and the Converse brand
overshadows a quarterly sales beat.
>> [music]
>> All right, quick look at the market
action on this Friday morning. [music]
It looks like it could be a happy one as
we count down of course to the weekend.
And you got to think of course that US
CPI print. Flawed or not, right? If it's
Swiss cheese print as some have called
it given the holes that we might have
seen in this data, it really was enough
to at least turn the Fed doves a little
bit more bullish on really what the rate
cut cycle is going to look like next
year. So, that's why you saw stocks were
bid up. Treasury yields were heading
lower as well. So, that certainly is
lifting the risk sentiment here across
the board in Asia. Taipei is certainly
seeing it with gains at 1%. Now, things
have come a long there. The Treasury
market is doing this. We're holding on
to some of the yield drops that we saw
overnight. They're 412 for US 10-year
yield. Gold is seeing a little bit of
pullback there. But, interesting call
from Goldman Sachs. They're saying that
gold prices could head to new records
for 2026. So, in terms of the commodity
side of things, they're expecting 4900
by the end of December 2026
when it comes to bullion there. Silver
obviously has been doing very well.
We're extending some of the gains and
strength that we've seen of late here.
So, there you go. Dollar is doing this
here. Obviously, we have seen a little
bit of more hawkish commentary coming
through after the ECB as well as the BOE
yesterday here. ECB held, but they talk
about the growth outlook being pretty
firm. And both suggesting that there's
really limited room for further cuts
there. So, 133 for sterling here right
now. Of course, we're watching the
Japanese market very closely. It's come
down to this, right? We've been waiting
for this for weeks now. Has it all been
priced in? That that CPI print that we
got out of Japan seemed to make this BOJ
hike today almost a done deal in some
ways, right? So, the BOJ is set to raise
rates the highest in 30 years. You see
how, you know, when it comes to JGB
yield, not a whole lot of movement here
right now. Dollar yen is actually back
on the softer side of things at 155, 156
levels here right now. Mizuho says if
it's a dovish hike, if we hear from any
guidance from Ueda that suggests that
they're going to be quite cautious in
terms of when the next rate hike is
going to be, that may push dollar yen
towards 158 levels as well. So,
certainly we'll see what the direction
of travel is going to be for the yen
here throughout the day. But, here you
go. When it comes to your China setup,
it's pretty quiet overall. Of course,
we'll talk a little bit more about this
TikTok the developments there. They
signed agreements for a US sort of JV
that includes a like of Oracle. Still
needs the approval from China. But,
certainly when it comes to futures in
this market, slightly higher here this
morning. It's pretty quiet though as we
talked about. But, 703 still seeing some
strength when it comes to the currency
here today. So, that yen fix is
obviously on the top of the agenda here
today. And Nike suppliers as well given
the slowdown that we're seeing in China.
The Converse brand certainly was seeing
some weakness there. We'll talk about
what this means for suppliers here in
the region which already moving. Also,
what does this mean for some of these
big domestic brands and and the leisure
brands in China as well that are doing
quite well. We talk about the TikTok
link stocks given the developments there
with that JV in the US. There are some
trading debuts as well. We're focusing
on CD Juhai Mining Juhai Mining I should
say among those here. CD of course is
when we talk about autonomous trucks
in the mining business will be quite
interesting as well. We do have an
exclusive interview with the CEO coming
on. And there is a CGB sale to wrap up
the week as well. All right, let's get
to our top story which is of course the
Bank of Japan. Widely expected to raise
its benchmark rate today to the highest
level in three decades in a sign of
growing confidence in a stable inflation
target. Let's bring in our senior editor
Brian Fowler. He joins us joins us now
from Tokyo.
And
it means, you know, what you see with
the CPI figures, right? How do you think
those figures that we got today fit into
this puzzle?
Well, Yvonne, so let's just start with
BOJ Ueda. He sent very clear hikes in
recent weeks that the hike is coming.
I said and these he hinted the same in
January, the last time they increased
interest rates. So, that's why the
market was very much expecting this hike
and and it's priced in. The CPI figures
we had this morning only added to the
case for a hike. We saw the core rate at
3% for the second straight month. And
that's actually the 44th straight month
month in which inflation has been at or
above the BOJ's 2% target. So, the data
just one last green flag for a hike. The
focus of course is going to be on what's
next. And we'll be looking for Ueda's
comments. Just to point out that Ueda on
occasions when they have hiked interest
rates, he tends to sound a little
hawkish. He's an ex-academic. So, he
kind of becomes the professor explaining
why the hike was conducted. And and that
makes him sound hawkish.
We'll be looking for any kind of clear
hints on what the pace might be in 2026.
I will say that we spoke with an
ex-senior official at the BOJ, Hayakawa,
last week. He's known Ueda for 40 years.
He says he thinks the BOJ has fallen a
little bit behind the curve as it was
kind of trying to figure out the impact
of Trump's tariffs and how political
uncertainty would would roll out. And he
thinks that the BOJ may hike at a
six-month pace
twice next year and then one more take
taking the rate up to 1.5% in sometime
in early 2027.
We'll we'll we'll see if if if other
people send signals to that effect.
Yeah, the path for next year is
interesting. I think you know, as you
mentioned, it might be a six-month sort
of cycle, right? I think most are priced
in for the next move and maybe next
summer, Brian. But, the Prime Minister
Takaichi, she she's known to to be not
really a fan
of rate hikes. Will there be any
political pushback, you think?
Yeah, so
Takaichi in September of 2024, she
famously said that it would be stupid to
raise interest rates. That was when she
was speaking as a lawmaker. The
following month in October last year,
the ruling LDP suffered a huge setback
in a national election, lost its
majority in the lower house. Same thing
happened in July this year with the
upper house.
Another setback. Another loss of
majority in that house. And that was all
really a lot of the the the factors
there were were
concerns about cost of living.
Voters are really discontent about
soaring prices. So, Takaichi is aware of
that. She's aware of the political cost
of letting inflation run. So, she's
probably not going to push back. She met
with Ueda a few weeks ago. They they
came out of that meeting seemingly on
the same page. I would expect her to say
something constructive like she expects
the BOJ to continue working closely with
the government to support the economy.
From Ueda's, I'd also expect him to say
that even with the hike, policy remains
very accommodative which shows that he's
on the same page as the government in
terms of stimulating the economy for
now.
Brian, thank you. Brian Fowler there,
our senior editor joining us out of
Tokyo. Of course, we'll have more
analysis when it comes to that BOJ
decision that will be happening any
moment any few hours now really
including the outlook from the former
BOJ assistant governor Kazu Momma. Those
conversations coming up at the times on
your screen. And of course, we'll do a
recap what happened with that US
inflation print, right? Because it was
enough to move the market, right? What
happened when we saw this November
print? 2.7%.
That was below the median estimates
here. You take a look at how core CPI
that strips off of course
the volatile items, that came in at
2.6%. Also below median estimates. And
and people were questioning, why was
there such a sort of abrupt sort of
dramatic fall or cooling of of price
pressures here? You got to wonder if
things are a bit flawed, right? Given
the fact that this government shutdown
did possibly impact the data quality,
especially since some some of that
October print was impartially
incorporated into this as that the
certainly there is some questions around
whether we need to take this sort of
data to face value. But, you know,
markets were saying enough, you know,
this is good enough for me to think that
inflation might not be as big of a
problem next year as some have
suggested. Joining us now is Stephanie
Lo, chief investment officer at digital
wealth platform StashAway. Stephanie,
it's great to have you as we count down
to the end of the year. It seems like
we're heading into the next year
we're still pretty positive on the
growth outlook, right? We took a lot
took a lot stocks. They're still looking
pretty constructive. S&P is still within
records. Credit spreads are still quite
tight. And it seems like this is going
to be a Fed that's going to cut into
stability more than,
you know, anything worse than that.
Is it still the good backdrop, the macro
side of things? Yeah, so I'm
constructive on risk. I guess last month
or so we put out a piece where we say
basically jobs market runs cold, AI runs
hot, and the Fed runs loose. And to us,
that's sort of like the Goldilocks
scenario that you would have for equity
markets. Given that, I think the the
equity market is looking for a looser
kind of liquidity situation to sup- to
support of the AI story to keep going.
Uh and I mean jobs cooling down a little
bit actually gives the Fed a lot of room
to cut.
>> Yeah. I think there was a bit of wobble
kind of early in December because the
market was worried that the Fed is not
going to cut in December. Uh however, I
mean now that the Fed has cut, that sets
up like a path for next year for the Fed
to continue on that kind of interest
rate loosening path. And I think uh the
CPI number was a good kind of um uh
indicator that I mean the the Fed is
sort of on the right path. Uh of course
I as we turn the page next year,
uh when we look at kind of what's going
to happen to US economy, we think it's
actually going to still stay quite
strong or even accelerate because if you
look at the fiscal spending side uh in
the first quarter, second quarter next
year, uh US fiscal spending is going to
be very very big supportive uh kind of
element uh to to drive GDP growth. In
fact, if you look at the first quarter,
uh even if Trump doesn't get his $2,000
check go through, uh still US fiscal
policy is going to give like three
percentage points support to the US
economy in terms of GDP. So, that's
actually very very strong.
The key question now with whether if you
risk assets can still well, I mean with
the AI trade, how much of this
bullishness have been priced in? Do you
Do you think it's it's time to still
double down on AI?
>> Yeah. Or is it time to kind of rotate to
some of these laggards that we saw this
year? Yeah, I think you've seen a bit of
that happening in the past sort of 6
weeks or so. Uh there's a lot of
questions about whether we're in an AI
bubble. And uh when we think about AI,
we think of
I guess the framework that we use is
sort of like a uh a three-part Fisher
cycle.
>> Mhm. Uh uh and or virtuous cycle. And
you start with kind of tech innovation.
Uh because I always seen in terms of AI
this year, in the beginning of the year
there was a bit of concern about oh are
we hitting a plateau in terms of AI
model break through, right? Deep Seek
came out and there was a lot of question
of oh I mean China can actually do it a
lot cheaper. However, throughout the
year uh in the middle of the year to
second quarter, third quarter, you've
seen a rebound of
US AI stocks because we found that uh
actually the models can get a lot better
with more compute. So, scaling law still
continues. Uh that results in the second
pillar of the Fisher cycle, which is uh
return on investments. Um and I think if
you look at the Mac 7 earnings, they've
grown like 30% odds uh this year and
last year. And that shows you that these
companies are reaping returns. And then
the last pillar is of course funding.
Yeah.
>> and I think that was a lot of concern
that that market had.
>> going to say, right? When you take a
look at something like what happened
Oracle and this news that you know Blue
Owl is not going to be providing equity
for just building a one data center and
it's enough to spook the market. So, how
big of a risk is that the funding of AI?
Yeah, I think the market very very
quickly went from oh uh just having
these commitments is great to having
these commitments but not having the
money is bad uh sort of sentiment. And I
think that's a valid concern, right?
Because it does require a lot of funding
like trillion next in the next 5 years.
And only half that is funded by the cap-
the the revenues of these hyperscalers.
So,
uh a lot of that has to come from the
debt market and the equity market. And
hence liquidity is so important because
I mean the moment the Fed says, "Okay,
we're going to put the brakes on stuff.
We're going to start hiking interest
rates." I think we may see a replay of
2022. Now of course um so far, I mean
the Fed has been very very accommodative
and I mean fiscal policies have been
accommodative. So, we don't see that
pillar breaking yet, but I think that is
one big factor to watch uh for next
year. Stephanie, hold that thought.
We'll hear more from Stephanie Lo there,
chief investment officer at StashAway,
staying on for in just a few moments as
well. Coming up, we're going to have
McKinsey joining us to explain why they
think the old China strategy [music]
playbooks are now obsolete and how
businesses and investors should be
approaching 2026 when it comes to China.
[music] Joe Nai joins us in just a few
moments and we're counting down the open
of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong
[music] Kong. This is the China Show.
Happy Friday morning. Futures are up.
>> [music]
>> Your PBOC fix here today a little bit on
the weaker side against estimates. We're
talking about a 705 handle here and the
estimate was for a 703, but not doing a
whole lot here. We're still holding on
to that strength that we've seen
in of course dollar China. We're at 703
level still around those 2025 uh highs
there. We're back with Stephanie Lo,
chief investment officer at digital
wealth platform StashAway. I mean I take
a look at how MSCI China has done this
year. I mean despite this little
pullback and the choppiness in December,
we're still talking about what? North of
20% gains.
Are we likely to replicate those sort of
gains next year for China? I think this
year the gains have been mostly
valuation re- re-rating. So, I mean
China went from being uninvested
uninvestable to today I mean people are
sort of having some interest but not yet
in. So, I think any further gains from
here has to come from earnings.
And uh I mean we actually look quite
deep into China in our annual outlook
for next year. And uh we actually in
fact in in our title for the outlook, we
call just the facts. Mhm. And that's
because we think uh from last year we
said like uh fat like the title was uh
fat is the new normal where I mean FAT
stands for fiscal, AI and Trump, right?
This year we added China into the mix.
And that because we think actually next
year onwards I mean China is going to
become a very very important global
force. I mean not in perhaps not in the
sense of oh China's going to have a
fantastic recovery, but in the sense
that I mean Chinese
uh technology is actually being a
leading force in a lot of different uh
areas including I mean not just
semiconductors, AI, robotics, but also
health care. And I think the the one
risk of the AI trade uh that we
mentioned is liquidity, right? And I
think one thing that can upend that is
if China sees a much faster recovery
because that actually poses inflation
risk for the US. Yeah. And that actually
um
makes it impossible for the Fed to re-
remain accommodative. So, we think China
is actually
a force in technology but also a a a a
kind of area to watch for US inflation
risk uh
uh from next year onwards. Okay, FACT.
I'll remember that.
>> Yes, just the facts. Just the facts. Um
how do you think China's position
though, you know,
in terms of this whole AI trade, right?
I think I feel like before it was seen
as, you know, if global AI, if the North
Korea North Asia's were are going to be
quite sensitive to what happens globally
to the whole AI trade, China in some
ways is positioned still well positioned
because of this whole self-sufficiency
sort of
regime, right? Is that how you approach
it that it's still positioned quite well
despite what happens globally?
>> Yeah, I think if you think about China,
it's pursuing a slightly different type
of AI compared to for example the US
companies, right? I mean China is
pursuing AI much more on the application
level. Uh whereas the US is pursuing it
on the model on the AGI level. So, when
you pursue AI on the application level,
you actually don't need like
probably most cutting edge uh chips,
right? You need enough chips, enough
power to do inferencing. Yeah. And
that's what China has a lot of, right?
China has a lot of power. China can
produce actually a lot of chips. Indeed,
if you look at some of the forecast of
Huawei, I mean they're going to produce
so much chips in China that is probably
going to again bring in prices because I
think that's sort of
uh I guess if you look across different
industries in China, that's sort of what
they're pursuing, right? A lot of
competition uh including price
competition to to sort of bring things
uh to a more affordable level but much
more applicable uh to the whole economy.
So, I think that probably is going to
happen to China AI as well. Okay. Um
BOJ, got to ask you that since it's
happening any moment now. Do you see
this, you know, the fact that they're
I guess re- restarting this sort of hike
hiking cycle. I don't know if you can
even see it's it's it's restarting, but
in terms of the pacing of what we could
see longer term, what do you think that
does to investor mindset here? I think I
BOJ is like most probably forced to do
it. If you think about like Japan
inflation,
uh I mean it's now approaching like two
to 3% and I mean interest rates are
still 50 basis points, right? So, if you
think about the real interest rate, it's
steeply negative.
And I mean for them to remain
accommodative for so long, um it's just
not sustainable. So, I think they're
almost forced into doing it. And I mean
it's very very well telegraphed. And if
you look at the yen, I mean it's uh
almost approaching 156. Uh and I think
there's a risk that if they don't do it,
I mean the yen will weaken dramatically
from here and to test like the BOJ's 160
kind of I guess red line that they've
defended a few times
in the past, right? So, I think there's
um there's a tendency
uh for the government as well as for I I
guess for investors to sort of push the
yen weaker. And I mean that's I think
BOJ has to do it basically. So, if they
hike, that's well expected. If they
don't, then I mean the yen actually
weakens a lot more.
>> What does it mean for the equity market?
Do you think, you know, it it's been a
pretty, you know, a stand- not as as as
bright as what we've seen in Korea per
se, but Japan has been one of the
out-performers. Exactly. It's been
quietly a very very strong out-performer
this year. And I mean we've had an
overweight stance on Japanese equities
and it's sort of I guess it's played out
quietly this year. I mean we think that
I mean the story is still life and
kicking, right? China
Japan come out of deflation
um and it's a long kind of a multi-year
kind of story. I mean the RE story is
still ongoing. And I mean Japan has used
its currency historically to sort of
support the economy and corporate
earnings. And we still think it's a very
very important force going forward.
Okay. Um favorite asset class or
favorite something this for next year.
What what what is it still going to be?
I mean still
yeah, still we prefer equities over um
safety assets. We still think at least
in the first half things will actually
run quite hot.
Um we think that on a safety asset side,
I mean still gold is our top pick over
bonds.
Um, and I think
perhaps I mean China is something that
we've been thinking a lot about.
But so far we have not seen China coming
out of deflation yet. So if I mean China
PPI and CPI start to sort of inflect
higher, then I think we can get a lot
more positive there. Okay. Stephanie,
thank you Stephanie Lo, chief investment
officer at StashAway. Have a great
holiday and I'll see you next year. You
too. Uh, in terms of what we're seeing
in the pre-market here today, uh,
certainly we take a look at these
trading debuts. That's going to be a key
thing to watch. And there you go. Jihui
Mining.
139% [music]
gains here right now. CD, uh, that's not
doing too much here right now. [music]
But yes, we're getting used to this,
right? These big big big listing debuts
in greater China. Pre-market is doing
this here as we wrap up the trading week
as well. So we're focusing of course on
Jihui, on CD. [music]
Uh, we're also focusing on some of these
TikTok related stocks. Uh, there you go.
Pre-market is slightly to the upside
here today. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, here's how your pre-market is
looking. It looks like we're doing
pretty well when it comes to risk assets
here today. HS Tech [music] is back up
to about 8/10 of 1%. Eight shares also
closer to that 89,000 sort of 8900 I
should say level there. 703 still
strength in the currency. In terms of
analyst actions to tell you about,
there's a few that are maybe quite
interesting. China Tourism Group Duty
Free uh, getting a a more a bullish
outlook when it comes to UBS. They're
raising their price target there by 27%.
Citing potential for acceleration of its
high non duty-free sales growth due to
the new policy there. Cosco Shipping A
shares cut to a sell at Goldman. Uh,
Nongfu Springs also raised to a buy at
HSBC. So uh, there you go. Focusing a
little more on the consumer side of
things here today. You see Nongfu
Springs up some 2% in the pre-market.
Uh, we're watching some of these Nike
suppliers in the like. So given what we
heard on terms of the outlook there, I
mean really the sales beat was
overshadowed by the weakness that
they're seeing uh, in the China
business. And so certainly that thing
one is weighing on some of these uh,
Chinese suppliers here as well of Nike.
Uh, we're also watching these big debuts
uh, when it comes to the likes of CD.
This is the one is the semi-autonomous
trucking company. We're going to be
talking of course the CEO pretty soon.
Uh, Jihui Mining as well. Look at that.
We're seeing a gains of close to 140%
at the first day of trade there. This is
of course a miner of of copper, of zinc
here as well. So given what copper
prices are doing of late, certainly is a
good day when it comes to Jihui [music]
Mining. We're going to have the open
coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Live pictures out of Hong Kong
Exchange here this morning. [music] And
yes, we have several listing debuts here
in the city. And certainly everything
with a interesting sort [music] of
theme, right? Everything that maybe
investors are really interested in.
Whether it's autonomous driving like CD,
[music] uh, Jihui Mining. So you know,
this is a one of the copper miners out
there in China. So certainly a lot for
people to kind of gain in some more I
think [music] their teeth into when it
comes to these listing debuts as we wrap
up a pretty blockbuster year for IPOs
uh, in Hong Kong. Best in four years,
right? So there you go. Adding four more
[music] to the list here today. Xiamen
UX and China Prologis Warehousing here.
So four gongs on the stage. [music] And
certainly we'll be speaking with the CD
CEO with an exclusive chat uh, pretty
soon here. He's going to be coming
through on stage in Hong Kong Exchange
and coming straight here to the studio.
And there you go. The banging of the
gongs for
that's what it is.
All right.
All right, there you go. Uh, it
certainly is we're just counting down a
few more weeks into uh, the end of the
year. So certainly we'll see Hong Kong
looks still set to be on track to be
number one in terms of the IPO market.
We'll see if we get there, right? But
certainly that is going to be the thing
to watch. CD CD there is pretty much
flat right now. But there you go.
Susquehanna Mining 135%
gains here. And Xiamen UX 350 gains
here. This is of course a Chinese chip
maker. So following the the optimism
that we saw when it came to Meta X more
threads here the last couple weeks. So
certainly there's still is a lot of
optimism around sort of the hardware
side of things in China. And this whole
sort of AI story, right? So that's
certainly going to be one thing to
watch. Uh, China Prologis Warehousing
though, that's slightly down by 4%. In
terms of the rest of the market is what
we're seeing on this Friday morning. So
obviously the the overnight session and
what we're seeing in in Asia is optimism
around of course that US CPI print which
was a little bit softer than expected.
So that reinforced you know, more of the
Fed doves out there that perhaps the Fed
can continue on cutting next year. So
that's enough for stocks to be bid, the
AI trade, the tech plays. You know, S&P
is I think 2% away from all-time highs
as well. But right now we're pretty flat
on the onshore market. CSI 300 is pretty
much around that 4,500 level as well.
Um, not seeing a whole lot of
conviction. In fact, CATL shares I mean
you're seeing gains about close to 1%.
But that's about it. Kweichow Moutai
heading the opposite direction. Um,
there's not a whole lot of catalyst as
we count down of course uh, to China uh,
for now. Hong Kong is looking like this.
So obviously we've been talking a little
bit more about what the A share
sentiment is going to be. It's
interesting. Morgan Stanley's Laura Wang
did talk about uh, A shares might
actually likely stay strange bound given
the external uncertainties out there and
still challenging domestic macro even if
sentiment was boosted by higher
turnover. They were talking about some
of the turnover in ETFs that were linked
to maybe the national team just earlier
this week. Uh, but yes, Hong Kong's
looking a little bit better. HS Tech is
catching a bid here and we are seeing
gains when it comes to Alibaba. Baidu,
Meituan is up 1 and 1/2% here today.
Nike suppliers, that's the one to watch
is given what we've been seeing, the
slowdown they're seeing in China despite
the fact that the revenue side of things
was actually a beat uh, for the market.
But they're projecting a sales decline
in the current quarter. So there you go.
Some of these Chinese suppliers are not
doing too well here today. Uh, and
again, the TikTok related stocks that
we're watching very closely given the
fact that we heard from the company
itself saying that they have reached a
US joint venture which does include tech
companies like Oracle. So certainly that
is going to be a key focus here. We're
seeing some of these TikTok related
stocks that are gaining. All right,
we've seen a remarkable turnaround when
it comes to Chinese equity markets this
year triggered by this whole deep seek
surprise. And that's really despite this
uncertain macro and geopolitical
backdrop for the country's economic
recovery. Joining us now for more on
this, what the business landscape is
like, what sentiment is like in China,
McKinsey Greater China Chairman Joe
Tsai. He's also going to be a co-author
of the upcoming book The Next China Is
Still China, An Insider's Playbook for
winning in the new era set to come out
next year. Joe Tsai, thank you so much
for coming on to the studio here.
I want you to explain the title a little
bit. The next China is still China. What
what does that mean? Well, first of all,
thank you for having me. I think the
next China is still China. The title
really comes from the fact that just
about a year or two years ago, people
were wondering where is the next China?
Is the next China India? Is the next
China Vietnam? Is the next China
Indonesia?
And I think you know, from a scale
relevance
um, and to be honest, just significance
to the world, um, our view is the next
China is still only going to be China.
There's nothing like that in the world.
However, the book doesn't talk only
about that. It's around it is a more
challenging China. It's a more
challenging global world. We have
technology, we have geopolitics, we have
many things changing. So therefore, what
do we need to do to prosper in this next
China? That's what the book's about.
What's the new playbook then?
Oh, there are many things in that you
have to kind of buy it next June when it
comes out.
>> You got to give me a copy.
>> It is really going to be around, you
know, I think that we went from a
lifting, you know, a a rising tide lifts
all boats into something that we feel
it's going to be much more disparity
among the people who can actually make
it happen, more granular, more you know,
being in the right swim lanes. Um, I
think there's a old China that's
actually not growing. And to be honest,
quite struggling. And there's a little
bit of the newer China, which is the
part that we're very excited about. And
I think it's it's very important that
you're playing the right spots with the
right channels, right technology. That's
going to be the the game um, in the
future.
And and you mentioned
it still has its challenges, right? When
when you talk about youth unemployment
that is still quite high. When you talk
about this whole kind of involution
on on the ground here, to what extent do
you think that's going to derail some of
the ambitions that China has on some of
the things that you mentioned that are
so exciting?
>> On a micro level, every day, every
single business in China are fighting
for their life. Okay? You know, we can
have this growth of 5%. We can have 30%
of global economic growth. That doesn't
mean that on the ground that
entrepreneur, that business, that
multinational is having it easy. I think
that the
over supply situation, I think that
there is, you know, AI is coming. So
that's also causing some uncertainty
around jobs.
Um, that's all there. Property, right? I
mean there's enough about that as well.
Um, local uh,
provinces in the finances, right?
There's also a lot of debt in there. So
I think all these are not going away.
And by the way, these all take time to
digest. So what you're going to have is
going to have a kind of macro shift
that's going on. But in there, there are
many many players who are
fighting for survival and that fight
will not get easier by any means. The
export sort of dominance that that China
has had, do you expect that to in any
way slow down next year or or you know,
this competitive moat that they have?
That's going to be still
their I guess wild card I would say for
China.
>> on the on the on the overall basis, I
think that the industrial
capabilities that they've built,
particularly the supply chain, right? I
think that the speed of how that moves,
um I think that the resilience of that,
I mean look, this year 2025 has to be
the most uncertain year Yeah. of ever,
right? In the beginning of the year we
have like tariffs, we have you know, all
these things that people are not sure
where that's going to land. We end up
having a record year of, you know,
China's exports that's now
you know, 60% of the world's exports and
by the way,
that actually is a record high, right?
So, if you think about next year, now we
have tariffs, you know, coming down. We
know what what that's going to look
like. I think that we have the
capabilities already built. I think that
it's hard to stop
that train from going, but remember in
there it's not one player, right? I mean
there are many many players in there and
they're all trying to find export
markets. By the way, this year the
Chinese companies going global trying to
find markets in you know, the South
South trade, you know, I I have so many
more clients this year going to the
Middle East, going to Latin, right?
Going to Africa, going to ASEAN.
Right now, remember America is only 2 to
3% of China's global GDP on the on the
export side. So, I think that you know,
that side still has lots of room because
what we see this year is only the
beginning of what I think is a much more
pervasive globalization of Chinese
companies who are trying to search for
other markets than just the traditional
West.
But there are overcapacity concerns too,
right?
>> Absolutely. Um
what has that in any way impacted where
you know, the investments and other
things, right? We still see investment
on the decline
in China as well. Why do you think that
is?
I hope that that is the beginning of the
capacity being, you know, a bit more,
you know, tempering off a little bit,
right? I mean a lot of capacity came in
the 21, 22, 23. That's when the height
of all the investments and capex came
in. I think the last two years if you
look at actually capex in China, whether
it's like foreign direct investment or
local private enterprise on the
investment side, it actually has been
very very uh low. Yeah. And so, that
also gives you the sense of the China's
entrepreneur is not putting on more
capacity. And so, give it another two or
three years, I think that capacity,
overcapacity Yeah. will slowly hopefully
temper down taper down a little bit. And
this I feel like 2025 was the year that
China proved that they are on par with
the US when it comes to AI and and open
source
language models. What do you think 2026
is is going to look like?
Is it going to be more about
application? And what really excites you
about that? I think if you think about
2025, right? I think that deep sea came
out in January. I think that, you know,
do I see that China AI is on par with
the US? I think that the US will still
lead in many of, you know, I mean the
numbers we're seeing, right? Whether the
valuations or whether it's going to be
around the investments we're putting in.
I mean the US is still from an
investment perspective, right? I mean I
think, you know, multiples of what the
China investment is inside. However, I
think that what the Chinese have proven
this year, especially these local
private companies, right? These are the
deep seas, the Alis, right? The the the
ByteDances. I think they have proven
that, you know, their resilience in the
game, right? If you think about the
large language models in the world
today, over half of them are actually
Chinese and by the way, they're all open
source. So, I think that what is very
interesting is that if the Chinese
models are let's say, you know, 80%,
90%, 95% of what the top US models can
do,
then I think what you have to go is to
go downstream. And what's that going to
do to corporates? What's that going to
do to economic productivity?
>> Yeah. So, I do think that diffusion, I
do think that applications will be the
next layer of growth that we can see
because I think the LLM game will be
played out by these big players. I think
that game is pretty much done at this
stage.
And I think as everyone tries to see how
AI is just disrupting or at least how
trade tensions are fueling this whole
sort of AI tech rival, I think McKinsey
itself has a business in China. I mean
you guys internally are dealing with
I feel like a bit of a identity sort of
questions, right? I mean
there are some questions about your
presence in China
and whether McKinsey should stay as an
international firm. Where do you Where
do you stand this? Where does McKinsey
fit in China, do you think now? I'm not
sure that's actually the question. I
think that we are quite sure that and
our clients want us to be in China. I
think that China is very much part of
the global economy, right? And our
clients have so many
linkages with China, right? So, right
now in China, you know, multinationals
are half, you know, of 40% of our
business and local companies are Mhm.
50% of our business, right? So, in many
ways I think that we are very much sure
that we want to be in China. The
question is technology, is AI, is all
these things. How is that going to
impact the way how we serve our clients?
I think that's where every single of our
clients and us consultants are thinking
around what does that AI mean for us and
how do we leverage that in the way they
can serve our clients better. I think
that's actually much more of the quite
uncertainty or the areas that we are
trying to kind of figure out what's the
right model rather than to be honest,
like are we going to be in China or not?
That as we said, the next China is still
China. Like we'll be here.
But Beijing itself has discouraged I
think companies of you know, using
foreign consultancy firms versus
homegrown ones, right? And even in the
US they've
in some ways accused McKinsey of
engaging with China and helping with
their industrial ambitions in some ways,
right?
I mean
is there a limit to the scope of work
that you can do in China? I mean can you
work with SOEs for example? Can you work
with sensitive technologies like AI?
China is a very big economy, right? So,
there are many places where we think
that we can have a lot of value add.
Okay. You know, in some ways if you
think about this year,
we're very much invited and by the way,
with a lot of multinationals invited to
some of the top meetings in China where
they said that look, you know,
multinationals have a role to play in
China. The Chinese government and the
premier and everyone else have said many
times with foreign CEOs this year that
this year is a record year of number of
foreign CEOs coming to China. Mhm.
Right? And the reception they're having,
the messages they're getting is that you
are very much welcome in China and you
have to, you know, play your part in
China. Now, are there areas where
self-sufficiency, are there areas where
it's sensitive, are there areas where it
would likely be a more of a local play?
Absolutely. Okay. But given that this
is, you know, a third of global growth,
I think for most multinationals, I think
this is a very big party for them and us
included. I you mentioned about AI and
how it's disrupting business. How do you
see it changing McKinsey in any way?
I think for all businesses it is
changing. For us, I think that we
internally have our own
AI
initiatives, right? One is called Lily.
>> Yeah, your bot. Our bot, you know, it's
it's no longer only a bot, right? It's a
it's a agent. I think that we have now,
I want to say like 20,000 of, you know,
agents out there helping our colleagues
do all kind of
work. What we think that originally what
may take maybe two or three weeks of
work now could be day one. Right? I'm
going to client in the first meeting.
>> Yeah. And I'm armed already with, you
know, used to be a week two, week three
insights when we start. I think that is
a game changer. I think that can help us
celebrate how we have impact our
clients. That can help impact a little
bit how
you know, how clients will will use
consultants. I think before it was a
little bit of a call the information
arbitrage, right? I think that right now
it's really going to be around impact,
around can you do it? Can you help us
celebrate what we're doing? And I think
that that is going to change the way how
all consultants in our industry has to
work. Our our sources have told us that,
you know, McKinsey is planning maybe
more job cuts. They're talking about
maybe 10% of non-client facing roles
that could impact thousands of jobs. Is
that coming to China in any way in in in
your side of the business?
I think like all businesses, right?
There are many sides where AI and
technology will be impacting. I think
we're reviewing that. We call it
rewiring the organization. We are doing
it ourselves.
>> Yeah. In China, I think that we, you
know, we have about 1,100 employees in
China, right? I think that right now we
feel like we're in a good place, but I
think that as we continue to use AI
leverage technology,
I think that we need to be continuously
reviewing what we're doing and I think
that that you know, we're we're telling
that to our our our clients and we're
doing that to ourselves and I think that
that's going to be, you know, how the
world is Are you still hiring then? We
we absolutely hiring. And if you have
good
college graduates or MBA graduates, we
are happy to take them.
Last question. In terms of your wish
list for China next year, what would
that be, Joe?
I think 2025 was a year of I think the
most uncertainty the most entrepreneurs
felt at the beginning of the year. We
end up the year actually in as good a
place at we could have hoped for.
>> Sure. In 2026, I think we know the
downside. I think we know how resilient
the economy is as well. So, in many ways
my wish for 2026 is let's bring back the
spirit, the positive energy. I think
that we have been lying flat talking
entrepreneurs for few years now.
Everyone's like wait and see. No more
waiting and seeing, right? You know, you
know how bad it could be. Now it's time
to get going again. All right, time to
get to work. All right, Joe. It's great
to have you. Thank you so much. Joe Nai,
chairman at McKinsey Greater China of
course and author of his upcoming book.
Make sure to check it out next year, The
Next China Is Still China, An insider's
playbook for winning in the new era.
Later on the show, we're going to be
speaking with the Chinese autonomous
vehicle [music] maker Ceede as they make
their trading debut in Hong Kong after a
$183 million IPO. Our exclusive with the
CEO [music] Albert Bi Ru Hu coming up in
the next hour. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, we are keeping an eye on of
course the Chinese suppliers [music] of
Nike. The US company's shares plunged
after the bell with its quarterly
earnings report revealing further
weakness in China and in its Converse
brand. Let's bring in our senior analyst
for Bloomberg Intelligence Catherine Lim
joining us now. On you know, we saw the
Nike shares really plummet after hours
after that outlook despite the sales
beat. Tell us what's really going on in
China there.
Right. Well, the sales beat was for the
company on a global basis. Even looking
at China, sales missed, um profits
missed, margin fall was steeper than
expected. And really they admitted that
they now need more time to try and get
things together. And the way I see it,
it is reviving the brand heat um in
China whereby we are now seeing so much
competition. Notwithstanding, consumers
there now are more discerning in their
spending.
And what can they do to really kind of
turn around this brand now? I mean you
you talk about how we we talked on the
show about these kind of growing Chinese
domestic brands like the athleisures,
the Li-Nings, and the like that are seem
to be really kind of eating up the
market share there.
Yeah. I guess you know, it's not just
the domestic um brands um Yvonne. We're
looking even at armor sports, whether
it's Solomon, whether it's the pricey
Arcteryx as well as the North Face. It
is a different category of sports all
together whereby consumers are now
looking for more specialized items,
athletic gears. Um specific enough if
it's positioned for um outdoor sports.
Um you know, athleisure, yoga, pilates.
And Lululemon is actually doing fairly
well in China, um chasing after a market
whereby it is still fairly under
penetrated. And that's why you're
actually seeing stronger growth for
Lululemon whereas on Nike on the other
hand, they need to just re-reject um
where the brand is being positioned
right now versus what they've done in
the past about just being purely
lifestyle and then aspirational.
And in terms of pricing, I mean do you
think that they're going to have to you
know, give out discounts? I mean what
what is it that's that's going to be
needed here in terms of the strategy
moving forward?
Yeah, they've spelled it out that
they're going to be um more aggressive
in their clearance in China. And
admittedly that does mean that you know,
they do actually have to do more
promotions to actually get some of those
um age inventories out. And looking at
the wholesale numbers per se, it does
look like you know, the promotions will
come through in the first half of 2026,
um even stretching um beyond summer. So
we'll probably only see more of the new
Nike products making um a splash if they
are successful in the second half and
later part of 2026.
All right, Catherine. Catherine Lim
there on Bloomberg Intelligence senior
analyst. Thank you. If you are a
subscriber and want to rewatch that
interview, you can of course watch
through our interactive TV function TV
Go. You [music] can also become part of
the conversation by sending us instant
messages. Check it out at TV Go. This is
Bloomberg.
Here's the big corporate stories that
we're [music] following for you today.
UBS closed higher in Switzerland after
sources told Bloomberg the bank will
begin a new wave of job cuts in
mid-January. We're told another round of
cuts will follow later in 2026 as UBS
switches off computer systems it
acquired [music]
when it took over Credit Suisse. The
bank is entering the final year of
integration with its former rival which
it bought in 2023. [music]
And shares of Trump Media jumped in the
US after the firm announced it will
merge with fusion power [music]
developer TAE Technologies in a
transaction valued at more than $6
billion.
The combined company plans to begin
construction [music] next year on the
world's first utility scale fusion power
plant. Trump Media is the company behind
Truth Social.
And now for the check of the markets and
yeah, we're watching these two listing
debuts very closely here. So Zijin
Mining as well as Xiamen UX. Explosive
gains here at the first day of trade. So
one is in the Hong Kong market, the
Zijin Mining and they are of course a
miner of copper and zinc and the like.
They're 120% gains here. So certainly a
great day. And Xiamen UX is we're
talking about another chip maker listed
on shore with 360%
gains and really following the whole
upbeat sort of look that we had in the
chip makers with Meta X and more threads
in the past few days and weeks as well.
Uh the rest of the markets are doing
this right now of course as we count
down to you know, the end of the week.
China X is kind of still doing quite
well the face of all this. We're pretty
slow going when it comes to CSI 300.
Hang Seng cutting a slight bid. It's
pretty quiet uh out there. But it really
is all going to be about the BOJ in the
next hour or so here. So this is what
Japan assets are doing. Uh we're still
seeing gains of 1%. Y or yen still
looking on the softer side of things
here. So we'll see this rate hike is all
but a done deal. And that sticky
inflation print that we got this morning
certainly [music] did reinforce that as
well. But it's really going to be that
presser with Ueda in terms of the
guidance moving forward and [music] the
hike path uh
as well. You're watching the China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session [music] here and yeah, it's
quiet. It's Friday. But at least we're
doing quite well. We're up about a fifth
of 1% when it comes to eight shares here
today. So still looking okay uh is given
what we saw when it comes to the US
inflation print. That certainly did help
risk assets here today, the fact that it
was uh much softer than expected. So
that certainly did lift stocks, bonds as
well, treasury markets and certainly
will be focusing on that. But really
we're shifting gears to the BOJ which
could be making their policy decision
any sort of uh minute or second or even
hour now. So certainly that's going to
be the case here today. Uh we are
following some breaking news uh when it
comes to uh the Ukraine. So we are
hearing and this confirmed now that the
EU is going to be uh giving a 90 billion
euro loan to Ukraine for 2026 and 2027.
So
uh we we were talking a little bit more
just before this confirmation that this
was going to be some sort of joint debt
uh to loan as much as that amount there.
Uh and so certainly there's going to be
a lot of pressure from EU leaders here
to agree to a loan at the summit in
Brussels as well. So Ukraine likely to
run out of money in the spring without
these fresh funds. So looks like right
now they have secured that funding for
next year. All right. Well, we'll
continue to bring headlines once we get
more on the details of that story. But
in the meantime, let's get you caught up
with what markets are doing here. Um
we're pretty flat right now when it
comes to the dollar. But certainly uh
we're focusing very closely on what
happens with the BOJ and how that
changes things in some ways, right? Cuz
the yen is already weakening. It seems
like this rate hike has been pretty much
priced in. Uh but you are seeing you
know, slight bid when it comes to euro,
when it comes to the sterling. Uh with
the sterling really, the BOE suggesting
they have limited room to keep cutting.
And it was really similar sort of
commentary uh from uh Christine Lagarde
who who did remain quite hawkish despite
holding rates as well. So that's what
something that we're contending with as
well. And that does that keep the
Uh you take a look at what it comes to
Japan assets. They're still looking
pretty good when it comes to Japan.
Nikkei 225 we've been seeing uh punching
higher here. We're up more than 1%.
Topics is also 3/4 of 1% to the upside.
But the yen is already weakening as I
say. So I think Mizuho was the one is if
we see some sort of dovish hike from the
BOJ here today, you know, we could start
seeing dollar yen head higher. He says
158 levels could be something that we
could see. Uh and JGB yields on the
10-year are up one basis points getting
closer back to that 2% level that was
hit just recently as well. So there you
go. That's our top story here today and
we're waiting of course with
anticipation. Finally this day is here
on the BOJ. And really you know, set to
raise that rate to the highest level in
three decades. As as we see a growing
sign of confidence now that the
inflation uh outlook is more stable.
Let's get to Tokyo and Taro Kimura,
Japan economist at Bloomberg Economics
and also spent a lot of time at the BOJ.
Uh let's start with that inflation print
that we got uh when it came to November.
It still looked like things are pretty
sticky. What's your take?
Right. Uh November CPI, the core CPI
stay uh held steady at 3.0%
uh which is um
way above the BOJ's uh 2%. And important
thing to note that last year in the same
timing, it it rose by 0.4 uh percentage
point. That means uh keeping the same
pace this year is uh
uh the Japan's inflation is keeping the
same hot momentum as we did last year
even though
um the the oil price is decreasing and
BOJ is tightening. And that that's a
strong signal for the Bank of Japan that
the price is remain sticky. Um BOJ can
still argue that the there's a still mix
of supply-side factors that the central
banks shouldn't doesn't have to deal
with
and that can make a balance between the
pro-stimulus government and cautious BOJ
tightening. That said, the data still
suggests the Bank of Japan still far
more ways to normalize its policy by
lifting rates.
Yeah, I mean, does it make today pretty
much a done deal though at least for
this hike? You know, what what what sort
of implications are you seeing for
today's policy decision?
Right. I think the BOJ's real intention
besides all the wishes what wishy-washy
with the the relationship with with the
government is the inflation is hot.
The real estate prices or other risk
asset prices are climbing even though
the BOJ is normalizing. So, I think Ueda
and his team wants to tighten
as fast as it can and I think
the today's hot CPI print is the the
factor that
some
gives some conviction for the prime
minister a pro-stimulus
prime minister Takaichi that you know,
her potential intervention for the
monetary policy is risky that that it
could fuel further cost of living
squeeze. So, I think the green light
from the government is backed by the hot
CPI print today and surely the BOJ
will will argue the hot prices today.
Yeah, and tell us a little bit more but
you've worked at the BOJ. When it comes
to the messaging, right? I mean, I think
this rate hike is pretty much
guaranteed. But in the Ueda presser,
what what do you think is going to be
most important to to see in terms of
signals for next year?
Right. I think markets are waiting for
any signals from the what the neutral
rates which the Bank of Japan is
communicating. It's somewhere between in
a high broad range of 1% to 2.5% but at
this moment, you know, the 1% is
the the eye on the market. And if the
BOJ raise raise to 0.75%
today, it means just one step away from
the neutral neutral rate band. And I
think the important signal from Ueda is
the wording of how he will describe
its policy his policy rate. Now, the BOJ
officially calls the rates as
significantly low but with the 0.7% the
neutral rate 1%
BOJ can't say that anymore. So, if
there's any tweak
or or
I'll say if there's no change in the
wording, that would mean the BOJ is
lifting the neutral rates and and and
calling their lifted policy rates still
significantly low. So, the wording any
wording on how Ueda will describe the
lifted policy rate should be in cautious
watch.
Taro, thank you Taro Wakabayashi, Japan
economist at Bloomberg Economics joining
us in Tokyo. He's going to be busy for
the next few hours.
And of course, you'll have all the
analysis you need right here on the Bank
of Japan decision. Ahead this hour,
we'll be speaking with Brandywine Global
Carol Li joins us there of course as we
get that decision if we do during this
hour. [music] And later on, we're going
to get the outlook from former BOJ
assistant governor Kazu Momma joining us
at Insight. Coming up on the China show
that our exclusive interview [music]
with Chinese hard tech company CD as
they make their trading debut in Hong
Kong this morning. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we [music] are looking at
some of these TikTok related stocks in
China not doing a whole lot but still
going to the upside here today after
what we've heard. TikTok says it has
signed deals to create a US joint
venture majority owned by American
investors. An internal memo from the CEO
Shou Chew tells that employees that
agreements have been made with Oracle,
Silver Lake and MGX. Let's bring in our
global tech senior executive editor Tom
Giles. He joins us now with the latest.
Tom, what do we know at this point and
what's new?
Yeah, well, this is a big day for TikTok
and its owners. We finally have gotten
some clarity on what the new ownership
structure will look like here in the US.
As you as you know well and as we've
talked about lots,
the US was really worried about this
widely used app here and it being owned
by a Chinese parent. So, that process
has been underway for a very long time.
It's often been delayed and kicked down
the kicked down the road. We finally
have some clarity on it. We're going to
have we're going to have some new owners
led by Oracle, MGX which is a Middle
Eastern sovereign wealth fund and
and Silver Lake, the private equity firm
as well as
>> [snorts]
>> existing owners.
And then China will have a minority
stake. So, this is really aimed at
allaying US concerns about national
security. And it just brings some some
certainty and some clarity
to you know, TikTok's new owners
and TikTok users who were you know,
there was a there was a time here in the
US where it is widely used there where
it wasn't sure it wasn't clear whether
this was going to be shut down
altogether which would have caused a lot
of consternation for a lot of users of
TikTok.
Yeah, you mentioned that ByteDance might
get a stake in those. Can you tell us a
little bit more about the role that's
going to have and you know, China really
hasn't put its opinion on this this
current sort of structure, right?
Are they likely Is this likely going to
appease them?
Well, I don't think you could have
gotten to this place without China's
approval. We are definitely looking to
understand
what the Chinese government may say
about this.
And we certainly will report anything
that we hear, any inklings that we get,
any
any hints on what they have to say.
My my sense is that
Shou Chew, the CEO would not have put
out this statement would not have shared
this internally if they hadn't gotten
China's sign-off on it. Our
understanding has been and what we've
reported is that this deal could not be
finalized until and unless the Chinese
government signed off on it.
But yeah, you know, a ByteDance, the
Chinese parent will have 20%
of the company. That's the that's the
ownership stake that they will have. So,
they will still have a hand in
the company but clearly not the majority
control
again which is what which is what US
officials had been so concerned about
for so long.
Tom, great to have you. Thanks so much
for your analysis there. Tom Giles
joining us out of San Francisco on
TikTok and it seems like we are moving
in a one step forward here when it comes
to what this whole JV is going to look
like as well. We're also looking at
trade relations between DC and Beijing.
Some some key stories have come out in
the last you know, 12 hours or so.
China's shipments of rare earth products
rose 13% in November from the month
before and that's restoring the flow of
critical minerals used in EVs, weapons
and high-tech manufacturing. That's
according to official customs data and
Bloomberg calculations. And there's more
progress in the ag sector as well.
Bloomberg has also learned that China
has secured at least 7 million tons of
US soybeans after heavy buying in the
past 2 weeks. So, that's past the
halfway mark towards meeting its 12
million ton purchase agreement with the
Trump administration that was reached of
course in Korea. But then again, there's
also this story. A US plan to sell $11
billion of arms to Taiwan has drawn
strong criticism from China. The package
announced on Thursday would include
missiles and artillery systems.
The US attempt to support the secession
by arming Taiwan will only backfire and
scheme of using the Taiwan question to
contain China will never succeed.
The Taiwan question concerns the very
core of China's core interests and is
the first red line that must not be
crossed in China-US relations.
Let's bring in our China government and
economy reporter Lucy Liu. She joins us
now from Beijing. Beyond just the
headline, I think it's also just how
much they're buying, right? $11 billion
is quite a large number. You know, what
does this mean for the whole US-China
trade truce now? Could this deal
potentially derail that truce?
Absolutely. I mean, 11 million
or 11 billion is one of the largest
sales that the US has announced to
Taiwan.
But actually for the trade truce though,
we do have to remember that these deals
take a long time to materialize. So, we
don't know how long they've been talking
about this. And of course, you know, the
timing of it does come sort of nearly 2
months after that big truce in Busan.
However, um
as we know, this is sort of a
reoccurring theme in the US-Taiwan
relationship. They've continued to sell
arms.
There are these big announcements.
Obviously, it takes a long time for
the deals to be completed. So, it's it's
certainly
a new risk factor
for the relationship. But so far, we
haven't seen an indication that Beijing
is going to you know, this this deal
will just fall apart because of this.
Yesterday at the Foreign Ministry, they
did sort of pledge that you know, China
will take very strong measures to
protect its own sovereignty
you know, repeating that Taiwan is
really at the core of its core
interests. So, certainly
you know, the the an an important factor
in the relationship, but
um for the moment, I don't think we're
seeing this derail
uh derail that trade truce.
>> [snorts]
>> Yeah, the the State Department said this
was just sort of a routine case as as
they call it. What what are some of the
analysts that you talked to say about
this package now?
Yeah, so the package of um
that is that has been announced, it
doesn't actually
contain
weaponry that hasn't been sold to Taiwan
before. There is sort of this new
communication system,
um but basically analysts are saying
this is continuity. It's continuity
perhaps with sharper edges. Obviously,
the timing is not great for that trade
truce,
um but ultimately, uh you know, it's not
a huge escalation
um and uh you know, we even have
analysts saying that this may not be as
escalatory because if you announce this
big package, then at least you're not
announcing, you know, every few months a
new, you know, new arms sales to Taiwan,
um which, you know, could could
yeah, which given how fragile the
relationship is, um
could then, you know, throw throw a
wrench in sort of the stability at the
moment. So, um you know, as far as we've
seen, I think what it does show though
is, you know, anyone that's saying that
Trump has given up on Taiwan or is
giving away Taiwan, you know, those
analysts, I think, uh given this latest
news, um
will have to kind of reevaluate, but,
you know, we did have that reporting
earlier in the year that China was
pushing the US to say that it did that
it would oppose Taiwan independence. Um
so, certainly it looks like the US uh is
sort of more um yeah, it it's more uh
continuity than any major breaks from
its Taiwan policy.
Lucille, thank you, Lucille. That was
joining us out of Beijing with the
latest there. And now for some of the
big political stories that we're
following. Canadian Prime Minister Mark
Carney says [music] a deal to lower US
tariffs on sectors such as steel and
aluminum is unlikely in the near term.
Instead, those talks may be rolled into
broader negotiations around next [music]
year's review of the US-Canada-Mexico
trade agreement. Canada has been hit
particularly hard by the tariffs due to
its reliance on the US export market.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi has
expressed [music] support for Venezuela
after President Trump's oil tanker
blockade. Wang told his Venezuelan
counterpart Beijing opposes unilateral
bullying and supports countries
safeguarding their [music] sovereignty.
The comments come less than a day after
Trump's latest escalation in the US
campaign to [music] oust Venezuela's
leader, Nicolas Maduro.
President Trump has signed an executive
order moving cannabis into [music] a
less restrictive federal category in a
potential major shift to the legal and
commercial landscape [music]
for the plant. The order instructs the
Justice Department to move cannabis to
schedule three for drugs with accepted
medical uses [music] and lower abuse
potential. Marijuana is currently in the
highest class alongside heroin and LSD.
I want to emphasize that the order I am
about to sign is
uh not the legalization or
does it legalize marijuana in any way,
shape, [music] or form.
And in no way sanctions its use as a
recreational drug. It has nothing to do
with it.
Of course, if you're a subscriber, you
want to watch our interviews, [music]
our hits, and all the like, you can
watch through our interactive TV
function, TV Go. You can also become
part of the conversation [music]
by sending us instant messages or guest
questions as well. Check it out at TV
Go. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, we're still watching the BOJ
at a minute at a moment now. And yeah,
risk assets are in all [music] still
catching a bid here this morning in
Japan. And in fact, if you take a look
at what it comes to the timing, we've
crunched the numbers. History tells us
that we could see a decision around
12:30
p.m.
This is of course Japan time. So, maybe
about an hour or so from now here. This
is according to what we've been seeing
here. But yes, on average since Ueda
became governor in 2023, the average
decision time has been 12:18
Tokyo time. So, just some numbers to
throw out there as well in terms of what
we're thinking in terms of the timings
and other things here as well. Uh
staying with of course rate decisions as
well, we did have the ECB. Uh we also
the BOE that made decisions last night
as well. With ECB really leaving policy
unchanged for a fourth straight meeting
with inflation in the region hovering
around target, right? And we heard from
Christine Lagarde, the ECB president,
who spoke after the decision.
The economy has been resilient.
It grew by 0.3%
in the third quarter,
mainly reflecting stronger consumption
and investment. The pattern of
services-led growth is likely to
continue in the near term.
That sort of hawkish commentary was
certainly heard from the BOE as well.
The Bank of England lowered rates to a
3-year low in a narrow vote. The
Governor Andrew Bailey told us room for
further moves next year though is
limited and the Central Bank will face
closer calls on its decisions.
Well, I've been very encouraged by the
progress that we've made on inflation.
Uh it's Yeah, yeah, I've been saying for
some time that it's going to Yeah, we
had this
what we called hump up this year. I
thought it was going to come down uh and
has. And the good news is it's actually
coming down a bit faster than
I think we thought it would. I I'm
particularly pleased because there's
been an easing of food price inflation,
which is really very important. I mean,
all inflation is important, but we know
that food is salient. It's very salient.
Of course, it hits
Yeah, that those those on lower incomes
a lot as well.
I think now that we're on a path where
we'll probably be around this level for
a few months, but we think that
come the spring, April-May time, we
should see another quite sharp drop and
take us, you know, I hope to around
target.
So, we're going to come back to target
sooner than we thought. So, that's
encouraging. All of this is very
encouraging. And you know, for for me
certainly, you know, it was a strong you
know, basis to to cut today. It's the
sixth cut we've made.
Now, [snorts] looking forwards, I do
think we'll, you know, we'll continue to
have something of a gradual downward
path.
Uh
we'll have to judge the evidence as you
know at every meeting. We'll come back
for the meeting at the end of January,
early February and do that.
The the calls do get closer, but because
as we as we come down, we will approach
a level which is going to sort of in a
sense maintain inflation. It's not going
to be too hot or too cold, if you'd like
to borrow that phraseology.
Uh it's very hard to know exactly where
that that level is, but we will approach
it that we'll we're approaching that
level. We must be approaching that level
in a sense mathematically. So, the calls
will become closer
and you know, I would expect the you
know, the pace of cuts therefore to ease
off at some point, but I'm not going to
judge exactly when that is because it's
too uncertain at the moment.
That was the BOE Governor Andrew Bailey
there. I just want to recap the story
that we've been following here, that
breaking news that we saw when it came
to the EU and leaders there meeting in
Brussels have agreed to a $106 billion
loan to Ukraine. The funding will be
delivered using joint debt rather than
frozen Russian Central Bank assets. And
that was sort of one of the key focuses
here where they would do that. So, that
is a big focus and shift there. Leaders
were under growing pressure to agree to
the massive loan after months of talks.
The plan has drawn skepticism from the
Czech Republic, from Hungary, and
Slovakia. The German Chancellor
Friedrich Merz has called the outcome a
great success. All right, we're checking
markets here of course in terms of
movers in China. The drone stocks are
something that we're focusing on just
given what we've been seeing. So, we're
nearing this
uh for the Trump administration to
decide on the potential security threat
posed poised by drone maker DJI
technology. So, you're seeing uh some of
these drone stocks are slightly higher
here today, uh but this was based on an
executive order in June uh when they
talked about the foreign control or
exploitation of some of the America's
drone supply chain as well. On to the
trade debuts, some pretty big moves here
when it came to these listing ceremonies
and what we've been seeing uh debuts
here. So, Jihui Mining as well as
Shaolin UX. So, Jihui Mining is a copper
miner, a zinc miner, the like. Still
seeing uh triple-digit gains, but we've
come off a little bit. Um also, when it
came to Shaolin UX, 350% gains uh
onshore here today as well. They're a
chip maker uh in China. All right,
Taylor, when it comes to broader markets
here today, it seems like we're still
trying to end the week possibly on a
better note. There you go. We're up 7/10
of 1% onshore. Hang Seng is also seeing
156 points to the upside here today. And
yeah, it still seems like Shenzhen is
the favorite here. ChiNext is up another
1% here. In terms of how the rest of
Asian markets are doing as well, we're
still counting down to the BOJ. That
could be happening any minute now as
well, but yeah, it seems to be largely
priced in what the BOJ's going to do.
And I think that inflation print that
came out for November solidified those
rate hike bets. But it's really going to
be about the guidance [music] that we're
seeing from Ueda in the press briefing
in the afternoon. That's really going to
dictate [music] where yen's going to go,
I believe. This is Bloomberg.
1:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets are
heading [music] to that lunch break in
just a moment, and yeah, it's all about
the BOJ, right? We are right outside the
BOJ here right now. It seems largely
expected that they're going to hike
rates here today, the highest we've seen
[music] in three decades. So, certainly
that's going to be one thing, the
inflation print. That surely is one
thing. Wages are certainly lead to that
direction. Of course, the weakness of
the currency seems to be what has come
to this decision here today. We'll watch
what the the votes are going to look
like as well. The the team live is
already up and running. They're talking
about the fact that last meeting there
were I think two
BOJ officials that were hoping for a
hike. Now, it seems like we'll see if
there's more of that consensus here
right now. What does that mean for 2026?
Uh yes, we're still seeing Nikkei 225 up
about 1% here. Asia's doing this. We're
still kind of uh benefiting from of the
tailwinds that we saw from that US CPI
print overnight. Flawed or not, it was
enough for the doves to be like, "Yes,
the Fed can actually cut more possibly
next year." Didn't really move the
needle in terms of Fed rate expectations
for next year, but at least it in terms
of sentiment, it did help. So, stocks
are a bit up. The tech plays are up. US
futures are flat here this morning, but
yeah, we're not seeing much movement in
the US dollar as well. Um we have to
talk about a few listing debuts that
happened here today, and we're talking
about CD. This is the Chinese autonomous
driving tech firm making their trading
debut here in Hong Kong, one of few. Um
shares are down some 14% here right now.
Joining us now is the CD executive
director and CEO Albert Sibou Hou. Uh
Albert, thank you so much for joining
us.
Um first and foremost, tell us a bit
more about the company. Hard tech Yeah.
in this whole autonomous industry. What
does that mean?
So,
uh
we are a commercial vehicle autonomous
driving firm. So, we think commercial
vehicles are at the center of autonomous
driving and not at the periphery.
Uh we work on the software and hardware
uh as well as driverless vehicles uh
that make logistics uh especially in
areas like mining, uh heavy trucks, and
railway uh safer and more efficient.
Yeah, the the specializing on autonomous
vehicles in mining, using mining. How
big is that demand picture now? Yeah, uh
the the addressable market uh just in
the mainland
uh is a 550 billion RMB market uh for
driverless uh mining uh operations, uh
hardware sales, and vehicle sales, and
so on.
Um uh China's a major mining power and
coal mines, uh cement, aggregates,
quarries, iron ore, and nonferrous
metals, and safety is the principal
concern in these verticals.
And so, this is where uh intelligent
driving
and uh firms like uh solutions by
companies like CD can make a real
difference in uh how these industries
operate.
>> Tell us about the timing of the of this
IPO. Why now, and what are you going to
be doing with the proceeds? Yeah, so uh
uh we are the seventh company, I
believe, to list under the uh Hong Kong
Stock Exchange's new uh 18C special was
technology
uh listing rules. And this is a
fantastic new set of rules allows uh
high-tech companies like CD
uh to access uh the equity markets um in
um in some of these uh exciting new
spaces.
Uh helps us get uh
uh exposure
uh in terms of uh visibility of our
business uh to the uh to a wider
audience.
Um
uh especially for commercial vehicles,
it's not really a space that
uh retail uh investors might be that
familiar with. Uh this is a very
professional, specialized
uh industry or set of industries.
Uh vehicles tend to be very large, uh
very dangerous. And so, these are the
some of the the the places uh we think
we want to make a difference in. Yeah, I
mean, this technology, can you apply it
to other sectors as well? I mean, take a
look at autonomous trucking, for
example, or last mile delivery, or even
robotaxis. Do you have plans on on that
front, Albert? Yeah, so uh CD doesn't uh
we don't really want we're really in the
robotaxi space, we're in the public uh
road vehicles. For driverless, fully
driverless level four, we operate mainly
in the restricted and closed scenarios,
uh such as mining, such as in industrial
parks, factories, um
uh
custom borders, anywhere where it kind
of really makes sense to take the driver
out of the loop to radically increase
the uh the safety of these kinds of
scenarios.
Um that's kind of uh
it's it's kind of where we want to make
a difference. Do you have any plans to
expand globally? We talk about all these
Chinese companies that are looking to to
overseas now.
Yes. Uh so, we are expanding rapidly in
uh the MENA region, Australia, South
America. So, there's uh lots of demand
for uh mining, uh very kind of uh
expensive labor, especially in these
sectors.
And um kind of the the real the real
pain point is is if is safety.
Because uh mining has 1% of the world's
labor force, but 8% of the world's fatal
industrial accidents.
And this is kind of uh a pain point
where it's where driverless isn't just a
nice to have. Uh it can help operators,
help owners solve real problems in uh
how they operate these mines. Because
mining's not going away Yeah. in all
these sectors. It's
it's uh incredibly important input to to
the world economy.
And uh to the extent that we can make it
more humane, make the work more
dignified, uh make it more comfortable,
uh this is the contribution that we want
to make. I mean, do you see any
challenges in terms of going overseas?
When you talk about a lot of the the EV
sector in China, they're dealing with
overcapacity and the like. I mean, what
what sort of challenges do you foresee
in your industry? Yeah.
Um I think there's really strong
parallels with the uh with the pace of
how EV sales uh
uh went overseas uh in terms of, you
know, being manufactured, being made in
in in China.
Um I think people are going to be
surprised at the level of intelligence
that uh autonomous uh trucks and
autonomous mining vehicles are going to
have uh when they hit markets overseas.
I think the because the scale of some of
these
uh especially these mining uh these
scenarios is kind of outside of the uh
belief of almost human imagination. And
the the the ability of some of these
because in in restricted uh scenarios,
uh kind of something that a lot of
autonomous driving companies neglect, is
the level of coordination that the
vehicles need in a closed scenario, such
as a mine. Some of these mines can be
incredibly complex, uh up to 1,000
vehicles uh working together with
excavators and diggers. And uh so, we
offer
uh a product for operators. So, we
empower operators. We provide a techno-
a technology solution for them, uh
rather than operate ourselves.
>> Is there much competition in this space?
Who are your competitors now? Yeah,
there's uh there's lots of competition
because it's a huge space.
Um there's
uh uh
there's eight to 10 uh possible
competitors, including some OEMs of uh
traditional heavy machineries that are
in this space. However, we think that
software companies like us that have a
real robotics
uh a background are the ones that are
going to make a real difference because
some of these systems are just getting
more
and more complex.
And the computational efficiency that we
need to get out of things like sensors
and onboard computation is kind of
uh it's kind of we're totally in a new
area. Yeah, it seems like you're kind of
going with the policy tailwinds in China
here right now. When you when they talk
about the amount of investment and
people are putting into the Internet of
Things, autonomous driving, AI,
and the like, how are you benefiting
from the sort of support that you're
seeing in China?
Yeah, so in mining especially, because
safety is such a huge concern, and
worker deaths incur such a impossibly
expensive uh economic cost to operators,
there's a real uh there's definitely a
real push for uh regulatory allowances
in some of these scenarios. And
especially in in closed scenarios,
because they're not public road
vehicles, uh they're not subject to
traffic
traffic laws, kind of the safety kind of
falls on the shoulders of the uh the
owners and operators of these mines.
Um so, there's uh in terms of regulatory
uh um headwinds, it's it's really kind
of been quite smooth for us. So, last
year
uh we uh we achieved revenues of uh 410
million RMB
uh with a cumulative average average
growth rate over over three years of uh
260%.
Uh so, um so, the demand is clearly
there, and everybody's
uh in mining has been more and more
accepting of uh of this of these new
kinds of technology and and and
machinery. And that's that's kind of the
of going back to this question of uh
you know, overseas, expanding overseas.
I think that uh
would really
love our potential customers overseas to
uh to kind of consider
and uh to kind of uh kind of welcome
uh some of the solutions that companies
like like CD has to offer. Yeah. Um
because the I we think the benefits in
terms of safety or economics are
immense. And uh really some of the most
complex solutions and and, you know, and
uh development we can do in the mainland
and bring overseas to kind of accelerate
uh deployment for for some of our
overseas customers. Albert, it's great
to have you. Albert Sibou Hou, the
executive director and CEO at CD, just
listing today here in Hong Kong. Well,
we are seeing live pictures now out of
Brussels. I'll bring you the latest when
it comes to what we heard uh at that
meeting where EU leaders uh there and
have agreed to that hundred and six
billion dollar loan to Ukraine. The
funding will be delivered using joint
debt rather than frozen Russian Central
Bank assets here. So this is Ursula von
der Leyen there talking about this
Ukraine finance will go beyond 2027 part
of that next budget. Let's listen in.
countries of origin legislation just
agreed.
And you also strengthened Europe's
defense by securing a much awaited
agreement on the European Defense
Industry Program, EDIP,
and the defense omnibus.
And you made significant progress on
simplification with agreement on several
omnibuses making life easier for
companies across Europe.
And last but not least, you successfully
steered the initial work on the next EU
budget.
>> [clears throat]
>> So you laid a very solid foundation for
the next presidency to come and I think
the achievements that I've just
described speak volumes about your
leadership and your
commitment to the European Union. Many
thanks for that.
Prime Minister.
Thank you so much Antonio and Ursula.
When we opened our presidency in Opole,
I said that Europe [music] is facing the
All right, we are outside the BOJ where
we are hoping any minute now we could
hear from the Central Bank here on of
course whether they're going to be
hiking rates and could be the highest
we've seen in 30 years and certainly
that could be a bit of an interesting
one for the market here and whether what
this means in terms of what we're seeing
in terms of assets here this morning.
The Japanese yen is actually getting
weaker as we count down to this
decision. We're talking about 155, 156
levels here right now. We of course as
we are on watch, let's get to Carol from
Brandywine Global. She's portfolio
manager and senior research analyst. On
you know, it seems like if they're going
to do it this time around and really
pull the trigger, Carol,
what else are you going to looking out
for in terms of the guidance for next
year for the BOJ? Can they continue to
hike more moving forward?
Right. I I think this this meeting is
obviously very important because you
know, there are two things that we're
really looking out here given the fact
that you know, 25 basis points is
already priced in
in the market now. So the two things
that we're looking at is really the
first whether there's any changes
in the estimate of the neutral rate
range or the terminal rate. So the
previous range used to be like um minus
one to 0.5. So if there's a change
that's going to be significant. The
second
item that we're looking out for as well
is whether there's any signaling from
the BOJ on the pace of rate hike. So if
you look at where at the pace that
they've been going at, it used to be
about six to seven months per you know,
rate hike. So if they're going to
quicken it then I think that's going to
draw a reaction from the market
obviously.
Yeah, in terms of the guidance it's
interesting, right?
How do you think they're going to frame
the the the rate hike path moving
forward? I think there was some virus
that we talked to you say could be a
kind of a six month sort of cycle.
You know, how how do you think they're
going to telegraph that?
I I think that's why it's important and
it probably may come out more in
obviously your latest Governor Ueda's
press conference later in the afternoon
where he can then guide the market. But
you know, I think the BOJ being always
more cautious, they may want to hold
back on that. And yet I think that's
exactly what the market is looking for
in terms of pushing the yen stronger. We
we do need a bit of a signaling. So I
mean BOJ
Governor Ueda could just say that you
know, they they do want to quicken the
pace and I think you know, everyone
would be really reading his his words
what
and try to pass out what he's trying to
indicate to to to everyone.
Um
if it's a dovish hike, does that mean
yen can continue to weaken and I mean
have we seen the most in terms of the
yen strength already? Is that all priced
in already, Carol?
Right. So I mean if you were to look at
the yen, I mean it it's really I mean
the the levels of 155, right? It is
rather weak. We're only at five points
away or five to eight points away from
you know, the the the the weakness the
the the ultimate weakness that we have
seen over the past two years.
I
I mean what we are really saying here is
that you know,
if the BOJ does a dovish hike here, then
next year it will be pushed into the the
ball or rather the ball is in the court
of the US and the Fed, right? Because
then the Fed if they are dovish and more
dovish than the BOJ, then that means
that the yen can still rally. But don't
forget that if we are also going to see
a pick up in global growth and I think
there are various signs that obviously
you know, global central banks have you
know, started to pause on their rate
hikes. You know, if you look at ECB
yesterday, some of the other DM central
banks may actually start moving or
communicating about a rate hike. You
know, it will then lead to a pick up in
carry trade. So
if the US were to be more dovish, yes,
the yen cannot perform but it will also
not outperform versus other higher
carrying
um
DM currencies EM currencies. So it
becomes back to carry trade. So I think
where BOJ is now, they really need to
communicate their policy
quite well at this point.
Yeah, I mean
and you know, just tell us a little more
about the JGB market, right? When you
know, it's been a while since we've seen
you know, a 2% handle for the 10 year,
3% handle for for the longer end of the
curve.
Where where are you mostly positioned
now on that JGB yield curve?
Right. So I mean we we do continue to
like the super long end
part of the JGB curve. We do have a
flattener on uh basically
just to hedge out the the super long end
and also given the fact that fine end or
rather the 10 year part of the curve was
still quite um uh you know,
under that or rather overvalued per se.
So um there was quite a bit of space for
the 10 years you know, rates uh yields
to actually sell off a little bit more
especially if the BOJ comes in a bit
more hawkish.
Um so I mean so why we really like the
the super long end and you know, that
that that part of the curve has really
been hit recently by you know, the
concerns over Japan's fiscal position
because of the large you know,
supplementary budget that came out. But
if you look into the details, the new
JGB issuance is likely to decline
uh if economic growth continues to
remain strong and you know, there are a
lot of reasons to believe so.
Uh there should not be much concern
about Japan's debt situation. In fact
you know, the fiscal deficit has
improved significantly
in the recent years. So we continue to
like the super long end. We think a lot
of the the fiscal premium is being
priced into the JGB curve.
So for now we like that flattener but at
some point you know, we we we would love
to continue to add to that debt
position.
And certainly when you take a look, you
mentioned about the carry trade. I mean
we we still remember what happened back
in 2024 when the yen basically jolted,
right? And this whole unwind of that
carry trade. Is there still
[clears throat] a risk of that to unfold
again? This unwind of that yen carry
trade?
I think you hit the nail on the head,
Yvonne. So if you look at the
fiscal or sorry, if you look at the
financial derivative part
of you know, the the
balance of payments account, you would
have noticed that there's quite a lot of
uh
outflows that have been going out of
Japan and that is really being done in
derivatives.
It is you know, it has been building up
very much of the second half of this
year
and it is not the levels are not similar
to what we saw in 2024. But you know,
that build up
simply tells me that
obviously if the BOJ would come out
quite hawkish here and to signal either
they're fastening the the pace, you
know, or increase their
neutral rate, there could be some unwind
in the carry trade. So I think there
there in lies the danger.
Carol, I got to get your outlook for
2026. It's been a busy year for bonds.
Obviously there's been a lot going on
when it comes to you know, sovereign
bond markets and developed markets when
they're talking about the end of of
easing cycles in some of these DMs and
EM high yield still continues to perform
quite well.
You know, what where are you kind of
lying in terms of preferences for next
year in the fixed income space?
Right. So I think heading into 2026,
maybe I'll just split up into two
different parts. I think the developed
market yields are quite different from
the emerging market. As you pointed out,
you know, I think emerging market yields
especially in certain you know, in
certain regions of the world, for
example in the Latin America,
yields there are much higher. Yields are
also much higher and yet inflation is
coming off to some extent, you know, the
central banks there have really raised
interest rates. So I think there's a lot
of space
for those nominal yields to really come
down further. So we continue to like
some of those emerging market bonds
especially in LatAm
and you know, very selected in CMEA as
well.
But when we look over to developed
market bond space. We do feel that, you
know, going into next year, yields will
likely remain sort of range bound to
slightly higher. So, why do we say so?
Simply because if you look across the
globe, there has been really quite a bit
of supportive fiscal policies from the
ECB, sorry, from Europe to, you know,
Australia to Japan.
And central banks have all developed
market central banks have been cutting
rates. So, there is a fair amount of
favorable conditions.
And along with the fact that, you know,
the US tariff drags um
are going to peter out over the the next
couple of quarters, months actually. It
does point to a possible acceleration in
global growth as we get past this mid
cycle slowdown.
But of course, there's always still the
risk of
greater weakness in employment growth.
And so, we do see a bit of a limit of
scope for sustained, you know, a
sustained move higher in yields. So,
within the developed markets, what we
really like is actually the UK gilts.
They do benefit from falling inflation,
deteriorating labor market conditions,
you know, and a fiscal drag. And I think
the data the data over the past couple
of, you know, weeks, especially
yesterday and this week has really shown
that the UK gilts should be able to hold
it and rally going forward.
So, so that that is, you know, how we
are seeing global bond markets.
Carolyn, it's great to have you Carolyn
there, Brandywine Global portfolio
manager and senior research analyst
there. Subscribers can also turn to the
terminal for more on this as well. At
T-Live Go, it's up and running for BOJ
as [music] we of course wait for that
decision. Hear more from our of course
commentary analysis from our expert
editors. This is Bloomberg.
Well, one developing story we're
following of [music] course is this
press conference in Providence of Rhode
Island. Now, US police are saying that a
man suspected over last weekend's
shooting at Brown University has been
found dead in New Hampshire after taking
his own life. Now, earlier authorities
identified a person of interest in the
Brown killings as well as a later murder
of an MIT professor in the Boston area.
Saturday's attack at the Ivy League
school in the state of Rhode Island
killed two people and wounded nine.
We'll bring you the latest there of
course uh from that briefing as well. Uh
we have to kind of move away from this
story. We got to get back to of course
markets. And really uh we are focusing
on the BOJ set to announce that rate
decision. Largely expected to hike rates
here as [music] well. That press
briefing from you wait us on is going to
be happening later on this afternoon.
That's going to be key in terms of the
guidance and the rate hike path moving
forward.
This is Bloomberg.